family how are you and well I hope you
're enjoying the day I'm a
little busy and a little disconnected and from
the networks because right now well let's
change change places change
sites okay really want to show
or the new ceta but well there's still
a couple of weeks until it's
definitive and official we're not
there the premiere will surely do a
24 hour live an extendable or
something like that some crazy thing of those
surely to train him but well
we'll see okay move juanjo has
apologized the youtuber that
we choose to arrive and save in his own way
has apologized exactly as
we predicted yesterday to the ring because
we already know him we know how he moves and how he
handles himself no obviously he will have
consulted what is it what the
consequences could bring him
not to do it and last night already live we saw
that at about 3 4 in the morning
the video was shortened and cut out
Diego Arrabal's name he removed Diego
Arrabal's name from the title of the thumbnail he
also removed it and well what he did
this morning is upload a  video that is
divided into three parts ok the first
part that according to him is the most important
ok os blue a statement about Diego
Arrabal to apologize and to remove
the fake news and he says the most
important thing is that he is going to upload a trailer
about Amador he made a 9 second video
in which Amador is throwing a
ball to his dog okay that that is more
important than the apologies no
basically he manages his audience in this
way people fall for it no we are not going to go into
much more detail
because whoever doesn't see is not going to see okay
the second part and the one in the middle is the
supposed apologies to Diego okay and I say
supposed apologies because there are several
things that catch my attention
first of all he apologizes in the plural he
speaks in the plural he says well as we are
professionals we apologize
who are we are you the one who has charged
Diego Arrabal with a crime the study that
has to be rectified a man okay
a man who wasn't a little boy
a man would have called
Diego live yesterday and would have said Diego I screwed
up I ate this news not
the unleashed ones and I have given one again
fake news they give it and vital okay and
this time they can look for a
criminal problem because I'm accusing
another colleague of crimes but well no
he says we apologize because we are
professionals names if I were
professional in singular okay because I
am not okay you are one if you were a professional I
would have hired him for such
strong news before giving it that is what is
done it is not that I tell the story because he already
recognizes that Amador is telling it and says that
Amador is going to qualify his direct tone it is
not there already taking into account
that Amador and he are talking about these
little things and they are releasing another little thing the
documentary is the report that they
recorded in one day and that they are going to do that it is going to
be comedy shows okay and now
what he says is that well he is withdrawing them
which is exactly what I said yesterday to have
live shows so that you can see that I am a
clairvoyant okay I am more clairvoyant than a teacher I read what I
said yesterday live what he has done he has
said that well that if Diego Arrabal
says that he has been because he did not
express Diego has not done that that if
Diego says it that you can believe what you
want  but the news is
real
that there was a bald paparazzi who snuck
into Yuto's hospital to steal
information, take photos and so on, that
news is not true, it's a lie,
but it's literally a lie because if that had
happened, as we talked about
last night, if that had happened, it would have
come out in two parts and whoever it was would have
ended up in jail
immediately because in a hospital
like that in the US there is police, okay, and
Amador doesn't have to ask him if he
reported it, don't be Amador, he's not the owner
of the hospital, in the end, how does he keep his
audience? Are you
acknowledging that you made
fake news because there you were
completely sure it was Diego, you
say it with total certainty and you put it in
the title thumbnail, otherwise you say it
with certainty and now today, well, you have to
admit that the news is fake because
the guns, ears to the wolf, but he says,
well, it's that Amador
told you and that's it, and that happened, you're
going to say it was another bald guy,
incredible, incredible, Adam, avoid it, he has
done it, well, already, Adam, avoid it, he has left it
in its underwear, okay, and basically, the
third part of the video, the third part
of the video is
saying that the channel  most viewed that
has many visits and that the
competition because it is the other competitor
well as low that this is not a
race that nobody is competing that
the only thing that is pending of
Blake's partners and the numbers of the
others you had that nobody is
competing that what you are doing
every day is being on vacation
at the beach take the mobile phone under the
water and upload one minute videos that are
going to bring you problems like Diego
Arrabal's as long as the statistics do
not go down the statistics of the others
these months go down because people go on
vacation enjoy the family
okay the most viewed channel the channel that
has the most visits is 24 hours heart okay
that girl Lucia that one does great and
from here we send her a huge kiss she
has visited the channel on many
occasions not so that you can
see that I do not know if you have to be
envious of someone you have to be
envious of people like Lucia who
is the one who is breaking it that she already has
more followers than Antonio David
and speaking clearly she also has many
more visits what happens because
people are on vacation and when she is
vacation because he makes less videos
but he is
with a one minute video with me for a
minute so as not to lose the social law there
that does not go down do not
look guys if you want to
convince yourself that you are the most viewed you are the
most viewed surely he will give you a prize
and we will see but and he does not start
saying how good it is that he has 8 million and he
starts showing the statistics on the
screen that you tell me what
this has to do with a video apologies to Diego
Arrabal this kid I think that
any day elevated something with the issue
of numbers if these have been a
strong apology bad what are you talking about
he dedicates more second to say that he has
eight million visits and that the
competition has him with three channels
referring to me obviously because
he has something with me that he
cannot no
juanjo
that I have more visits on the three channels
than you
putting the three channels together but the thing is that I
have three channels that you do it in
one okay if I did it in one I would have
all the visits in one I understand it
being you and each time he reads the
statistics in a way that
benefits him when it is  just like
even if I had 15 million views
like Dali half are left and vital there are months when
you have 15 20 million views 13
okay look at you delimit the credibility
that you have because you are exactly the
same you juanca and the group okay so
avoid each other like that I also have many
visits okay if I start inventing
crimes people can invent
news then I would also have many
visits no but well here you can see
more or less the level not be the level
make an apology and the kid is
obsessed and starts adding up the
views of my channels to see if they
surpass me or are surpassed it remains the same even if
they had 28 million views you are not the
best nor does he agree with you
okay you are inventing news you
are making a video to rectify
false that he uploaded about a colleague dude
that the accused and caught some
crimes super strong dude stop being a
40 year old kid and apologized
properly there was no other charge there was
another charge what is the color and houston
anyway each one with time has
their place okay I found it
very funny that  he has
apologized just as we
had predicted to the ring last night
because we already know how he acts on the
other hand my friend Juan is a person
that I appreciate very much the editor
both Navi Juan Lpez de Zrate to whom I
send a huge hug you know that he
appreciates her very much and he is one of the best
burned people on the internet Juanes
was posting and on twitter that you have
gone down the same thing with Antonella Vida and
rectified all the insinuations and
false news that had been made about him
and here I do have to give it to him I have to
take Diego's side because despite the fact that
I have my problems with Diego
that I do and I consider that Diego has
done atrocities in these Diego
has them all with the SAS and Diego had
filed a complaint he would surely have won and they would have
convicted that YouTube and the thing is that
a sentence like that that goes
through criminal means, well maybe it's not
going to put you in jail normally
nobody is going to go to jail for
slander but for me you remain there as a
stain not like a criminal record or something
very ugly no  penalties I don't know anyone is it because of that why he
did what he did not
because he took out or not
regarding the fields these one well what
happens here is that really Diego
has put it on his youtube site you will
see how this youtuber was no longer
inventing news about Diego or
defaming him or anything else
ok this youtuber is going to be
careful with what he says and what he
does and with Diego he is not going to make mistakes
better but Antonio well did not know how to
put him in his place and Antonio would have had
much more to report him and to
sue him many more
false news insinuations offenses to honor
many no but well Diego already
announced someone that several of his
colleagues have him there to lee kim down
no and that he is pending that he is
pending to be reported by several
colleagues I think it is that you not everything is
worth that much you can not put here moment
that there is a scammer that the other with
scammer is mockery with the physique that
one is a border and when it explodes it
fills everything with meat please you can
make a thousand videos you can make three  a
thousand videos of a person of a
character of a salc or whatever
two thousand videos of each person but
you can not defame and enjoy and so okay that can
not be done and then for
lamp the feet what Antonio David did not know how to do is that
not only does not
stop the feet but he invited him
sugar put on a good face and that is what
Diego Arrabal from Barra Balsa
Cartago has done and that is what he has said or for
example he invents more news about other
characters he invented that Gustavo was
four days in a garbage container
man or so obviously
false news but of course that has no
legal path simply false to be
but in this with me he has made a mistake
and he was accusing crimes then and yes
he has caught and said listen to me
or lower your ears or see you in
court no and the other one well will have
advised on what is a slander he will have
consulted him and now said problem
problem so nothing very well
you have 8 million visits on a single
channel but they are two minute videos in the
end they will surely earn less much
less money than what they have
Same visits on three channels, okay,
because they are two-minute videos that you make
so lightly. I prefer to upload
quality content
and verify the news. Above all, it is worth
verifying the news when it is uploaded.